---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
Hey, I'm Jeff. Good to meet you!<br><br>Officially, I got my real estate license in 2007. But the passion for real estate began well before that. My Dad (and my Mom, Uncle, Granddad, Cousins, Sister...) was in the real estate business. I can remember going to his office as a kid. Right around the time the MLS was converting from a paper handbook to an online database. And being fascinated by the idea of being able to see, online, listings of homes that were for sale. I was around 11 or 12 at the time, and can now look back to realize that was the initial spark. <br><br>Fast forward. I actually began my journey as a real estate agent in 2007 (yes, just before the "great recession") after working in the mortgage business for a few years. In 2011, I took on the role of broker/owner at ERA Heavener Realty. Then in 2023 we opened an independent brokerage, Pursuit Real Estate.<br><br>Throughout my career, I have brokered over a thousand transactions and personally bought and sold more than 80 homes. Some years back, I was privileged to be nominated to the [Jacksonville Business Journal's 40 Under 40](https://www.bizjournals.com/jacksonville/event/15061/2010/40-under-40-awards){: target="_blank" rel="noreferrer nofollow noopener"} (although 40 is clearly in the rear-view now!). <br><br>It wasn't always easy. I'm sure you'd say the same for accomplishments that have taken you years/decades? But, thankfully, we've built a team and established processes capable of delivering at a high-level for the clients we serve. <br><br>Theodore Roosevelt, the 26th President, has this quote that I love: "Every person who invests in well-selected real estate in a growing section of a prosperous community adopts the surest and safest method of becoming independent, for real estate is the basis of wealth." We live in a place (northeast Florida) and time when this still holds true! If your goal is to improve your well-being and that of your family, home-ownership is undoubtedly the way to go.<br><br>Beyond my professional pursuits, I love traveling alongside my wife to fun and exciting places (though the destinations have become less fascinating as we have more kids. I.E. Disney). Additionally, spending quality time with our crew, Anniston, Miles, Ava, Lily, and Leighton, keeps me on my toes. And, despite losing a step or two, I still love playing basketball.<br><br>Feel free to reach out, would love to hear about what you'd like to accomplish in real estate!